ci/test: multi speed tiers for tests (#3221)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/devbook/README.md

# Guides

| Operation                               | Location                                                                       | Description                                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Bump versions**                       | [bump-versions](bump-versions/README.md)                                       | Script to easily bump crates, js packages, and openapi versions before merging a pull request          |

> | **Filter slow tests**                   | [filter-slow-tests](filter-slow-tests/README.md)                               | Script that generates a `cargo nextest` filterset that excludes slow tests with unchanged dependencies |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Filter slow tests**                   | [filter-slow-tests](filter-slow-tests/README.md)                               | Script to generate a `cargo nextest` filterset that excludes slow tests with unchanged dependencies |
```
